Palestine 5 1. Introduction 1.1. Purpose This Software Requirements Specification (SRS) document provides a comprehensive description of the AI-Driven Job Matching Platform to be developed for the Ministry of Labor (MoL) and Palestinian Employment Fund (PEF) in Palestine. The document details the functional and non- functional requirements for the platform, which aims to enhance labor market efficiency by providing real-time data integration, standardizing job postings, and facilitating employment for job seekers. This SRS will serve as the foundation for the subsequent system design and development phases, ensuring that all stakeholders have a clear understanding of what the system will do and how it will operate. It will also form the basis for the Terms of Reference (ToR) for the Phase Two procurement process for system implementation. 1.2. Document Conventions This document follows these conventions: Term Description Refers to a mandatory requirement that must be fulfilled during Phase 1 SHALL of platform development. The vendor/developer is required to cover this feature in the current implementation phase. Indicates a requirement that will take place in phase 2 and the developer SHOULD should take it into consideration for future scalability. Refers to a requirement anticipated for Phase 3 or subsequent phases. The MAY developer is encouraged to consider this requirement generally, keeping future scalability in mind. To Be Determined, indicates information that is not yet available but will TBD be provided in future versions Note Provides additional information or clarification Requirements are categorized as follows: Requirement Description Number FR-XX Functional Requirements NFR-XX Non-Functional Requirements IR-XX Interface Requirements DR-XX Data Requirements SR-XX Security Requirements 1.3. Intended Audience This document is intended for the following stakeholders: Stakeholder Role Ministry of Labor (MoL) Officials who will review and approve the requirements and solution owner. 6 Palestinian Employment Fund Officials who will review and approve the requirements (PEF) Enabel and its consultants Donor, overseeing the project and approves requirements Development team Who will design and implement the system Technical evaluators Who will assess vendor proposals System administrators Who will maintain and support the system (mainly are the system administrators from the MoL) Integration partners Including job sites and other external systems 1.4. Project Scope The AI-Driven Job Matching Platform is part of the "Youth Economic Empowerment in Palestine (YEP)" program, which aims to enhance Palestinian young people's employability and economic empowerment. The platform will serve as the core component of the future Labor Market Information System (LMIS),