Management and Authentication 3.1.1. Job Seeker Registration and Profile Management ID Requirement FR-01. The system SHALL provide a self-registration process for job seekers. FR-02. The system SHALL support account activation by user mobile number FR-03. The system SHALL collect the following information from job seekers through a multi-level onboarding process (via mobile/email):  Level 1: First and last name, email, mobile number, password, gender  Level 2: Education, work experience, skills, training, certificates, recent salary (optional), current address, permanent address/residence  Level 3 (optional): Social media links (e.g., LinkedIn, IEEE, X), personal statement, bio FR-04. The system SHALL support resume/CV upload in common formats (PDF, DOCX, TXT). FR-05. The system SHALL offer the CV to AI engine to automatically extract information from uploaded resumes/CVs using AI parsing technology and add the extracted information to the profile. FR-06. The system SHALL allow job seekers to build their profiles using a staged, stepwise form with popup prompts for the following sections:  Education: Degree, institution  Experience: Company, role, duration  Skills: Primary/secondary; soft/hard  Preferences: Job type, desired salary, preferred location FR-07. The system SHALL allow job seekers to edit and update their profiles at any time. FR-08. The system SHALL provide a recommendation to encourage job seekers to complete their profiles and to explore opportunities aligned with their broader skills, interests, and experiences beyond formal education and training. FR-09. The system SHALL allow job seekers to set job preferences including job type, industry, location, salary expectations, and work arrangements. FR-10. The system SHALL provide privacy controls that allow job seekers to set visibility preferences for their profile (public or private), and request account deactivation or deletion. FR-11. The system SHALL generate a shareable public profile URL/QR Code for each job seeker, if activated by the user. FR-12. The system SHALL allow the job seeker to upload supplementary documents (i.e. certificate ) 13 3.1.2. Employer Registration and Profile Management ID Requirement FR-13. The system SHALL provide a stepwise registration process for employers:  Level 1: Company name, email, mobile number, company ID, and registration number (if registered)  Level 2: Website, industry, company size, address, company description, and attachments for supplementary documents FR-14. The system SHALL require account activation through a one-time password (OTP) sent to the registered mobile number. FR-15. The system SHALL provide an employer verification process that includes automatic verification using official information such as the employer’s registration