(e.g., full-time, part-time, training, project-based)  Required education level  Application deadline with an optional auto-close feature  Work format selection (Physical with employment location, Online, or Hybrid)  Gender, number of employees, etc  Required languages and proficiency levels  Link to the job if available.  More detailed features on the job post to be provided. 16 FR-56. The system SHALL support standardized job categories, skills, and qualifications to facilitate accurate matching. For this requirement, the system SHALL ensure that all input data complies with the Schema.org JobPosting standard for semantic compatibility and structured data integrity. FR-57. The system SHALL allow employers to manage their job postings by editing job details, extending application deadlines, and set job posting visibility (public, private, or targeted) posts when necessary. FR-58. The system SHALL support job posting expiration and renewal processes. 3.2.2. Job Search and Filtering ID Requirement FR-59. The system SHALL provide a comprehensive search interface for job seekers to find relevant opportunities. FR-60. The search interface SHALL support both basic (search by single keyword) and advanced search modes based on employer-defined attributes. FR-61. The system SHALL provide semantic search capabilities that understand the intent behind search queries. FR-62. The system SHALL provide a search engine with advanced filtering capabilities, allowing job seekers to search for jobs using the following criteria:  Keywords (text)  Location  Salary range  Employment type  Date posted  Application deadline  Job-specific requirements (e.g., skills, education, training, years of experience)  Company sector/industry (e.g., IT, Health, NGO, Construction) FR-63. The system SHALL display search results with relevance/skills-matching ranking and sorting options. In addition, when user login the system SHALL display recommended jobs based on results generated by AI matching engine. FR-64. The system SHALL also include a favorites feature (e.g., heart button ) for users to save jobs of interest. FR-65. The system SHALL support saved searches with notification options for new matching jobs. 3.2.3. Job Interaction Process ID Requirement FR-66. The system SHALL allow job seekers to bookmark and save jobs by adding them to an “Interested List ”, and to save custom search filters for future use. 17 3.2.4. Job Status Tracking ID Requirement FR-67. The system SHALL provide employers with tools to manage the status of job postings. FR-68. The system SHALL support the following job posting statuses: draft, active, paused, expired, and archived. FR-69. The system SHALL maintain a