industry, company size, address, company description, and attachments for supplementary documents FR-14. The system SHALL require account activation through a one-time password (OTP) sent to the registered mobile number. FR-15. The system SHALL provide an employer verification process that includes automatic verification using official information such as the employer’s registration number, VAT number, and registered mobile number as recorded in government databases. FR-16. If automatic verification fails, the Ministry of Labor (MoL) SHALL be able to manually verify the employer’s account based on submitted registration details and/or direct contact. FR-17. The system SHALL display a (cid:33061)(cid:57281) Verified Employer badge next to the names of verified companies to enhance trust for job seekers and provide added value to employers who complete the verification process. FR-18. The system SHALL provide a company profile page that showcases the employer's information, job openings, and company background. FR-19. The system SHALL allow employers to upload company logo, and images to enhance their profile. In addition to documents such as company registration and manage uploaded documents FR-20. The system SHALL provide a dashboard for employers to manage job postings, view matched job seekers, create shortlists of interested or qualified candidates, and track key metrics. FR-21. The system SHALL allow the employer to upload supplementary documents (i.e. company registration certificate) 3.1.3. Third-Party Job Portals Registration and Integration (i.e. jobs.ps) ID Requirement FR-22. The system SHALL provide a registration and onboarding process for external job sites. FR-23. The system SHOULD issue a unique API key or token to each partner for secure access, with support for optional IP whitelisting, usage limits, and token expiration management to ensure controlled and secure integration. FR-24. The system SHOULD support job posting via a secure RESTful Push API, allowing external platforms to submit job opportunities directly to the job matching system. FR-25. The system SHALL allow external job sites to configure data mapping between their system and the platform, provide the sites with the standard schema to successfully integrate with the platform FR-26. The system SHOULD provide a testing environment for external job sites to validate their integration. FR-27. The system SHOULD implement comprehensive error handling and response logging by providing clear API response codes with descriptive messages for success, failure, duplicates, and validation errors. FR-28. The system SHOULD grant external platforms access to view submission logs for monitoring and troubleshooting purposes. 14 FR-29. The system SHOULD return a unique job ID